Multiplayer

Location: Carpark
Loads Panel overlay.

Shows Wins Losses
Set bet amount (Max $10000)
Pink Slip option
public/private
Rank
Level (Slow, Medium, Fast) Sets car speed variables

Automatically matches or creates a match
Run your Race
Replay plays both cars
Winner pays out

Specifications:
250,000 max files
100GB max space
150kb ghost file size
100,000,000kb = 666,666 ghost files

Workflow:
---Enter PVP Collider---
    - Search box for finding friends game
    - History of races and results
    - Show Your Rank
    * Ranking based on stars earned i.e. how tuned your car can be (Public rank worked out on wins/losses)
    - Show all pending games (SELECT * FROM pvp_db)
        - Bet amount or pink slip
        - Unique ID
        - (Maybe show car you're racing)
    - Show Create New game

---Select existing game---
Show demo of level like normal (Not opponent demo)
Click to start
Race starts (no ghost)
Counter showing lives remaining
Finished Race
    - Show replay race button
        - Restart level with 2 replays racing each other
        - Once one car finished show end box with:
            - Each players time
            - Winnings or losses
            - Quit button
    - Quit Button
        Return to Home level
------------

---Create new game---
Create unique race ID
Select bet amount
Select public or private
level selected randomly based on what levels you have unlocked
Click "Race"
Race starts
5 lives to get across the line
save score and replay to DB
DB: Racer, Level, CarUsed, Time, betAmount, GhostID, timestamp
-------------

Level based on how many stars you have
Blind picking of person to vs
Start your own games
1 Race. 5 attempts. Die 5 times can only end in draw if other player does the same

Pink Slips - Winner takes the others car


Load Garage on 1st game start
"Hi, my name is Izzy, and you must be Thomas. Welcome to my garage. I'm glad you've decided to work for me. I've already lost so many employees to the elements out there. Let's hope you can survive longer than they did. Don't be nervous, if you're as good a driver as you say this should be a breeze.
So what's the job? I just need you to race. That's it. There are dozens of tracks around here that all payout big if you can beat the track record. We'll split it 50/50 with whatever you bring in. Before you head out let me show you around and set you up with a new set of wheels."

Introduce
How to buy
Change color
Upgrading car

"Come see me tomorrow for a reward"


Levels need amount of stars to unlock
Reset car to start location of where entered
Optimise content to load and unload based on location
Start level once ghost is loaded
Play offline mode
Languages
Game Audio
